In the southern part of the United States, in the latter part of November, 1950, I think
of every 27 was the date that the Secretary of the Army gave me a paper which has been
sent to the Secretary.
And the day was ordered and sent to Bob.
And I took it to my office and I had signed one of my lawyers' full lines through it.
I gave him instructions that he should get in contact with the commanding general of the
area involved with the investigative people at the post involved and that he was to leave
no stone unturned to get all the facts on that.
That information gave you all November 27.
That's right.
That's over at Homosexuals in some part of this country.
That's over at Amigations.
Atrogations of Homosexuals in the south.
At Anaheim, I'm the same.
And if you further say so you're not in your statement, that's on the first day of December,
about the first day of December, you learned that there was no basis for such.
Anaheim, no sir, I think it was in mid-January that we finally concluded that that's the charges
which we had heard on one December were greatly exaggerated.
Mr. Adams, were you present when the Secretary of the Army in a conference with Mr. Holmes,
the car, son of the McCarthy, or any of those gentlemen stated that it's the size of investigations
that have been conducted by his committee for the time being.
He was before to resign a bacteria.
Yes, speaking of the luncheon on November 6.
I was present that day, yes sir.
What was such a statement made by Mr. Stevens?
Not exactly in that context.
All right.
In that context.
I think you're on word, you're on word.
Well, the Secretary stated that he's in the Secretary of the Army for the last two years.
And he had a responsibility in his area and if he wasn't able to testify to this charge,
did he also resign?
That's about how he did it.
So he also resigned at right?
That's as I remember it.
So you remember?
Yes sir.
Mr. Adams did he say that at season?
Here in his investigation continues.
He would be forced to resign from the soul.
I didn't hear him say that.
And he didn't say that, no sir.
You remember that he said that he ought to resign?
If he could not manage his security problem to the Army, he had to resign.
And yet you have stated here, does he under all the number of times that neither unit,
he as far as you knew, what is these, is that they're scared to one with where the other?
One with one way or the other?
Whether they were continued or whether they were disconceived.
Well, I don't think I stated that we have indicated that we cared not one with.
Well, that luncheon of November 6th is to be spent.
That luncheon of November 6th, one of the purposes of the luncheon was to discuss
whether or not Senator McHatley was going to terminate the hearings as he had said to us
for two or three weeks earlier that he intended to do.
And I think I stated also that we were concerned by the end about the size of hearings that were going on.
On your charge, you said, I'm just within ten existing vestige in the Fort Lama.
You appreciate that, I don't know.
I understand.
And the time the brain is a special other.
I understand that, that's it.
That's right.
Yes, sir.
I'm just saying that you're just new.
That is correct, sir.
I never did anything except into a system.
You never, anytime, in the way that was drawn in the way of its committees
because the size of the director I did not.
And neither did the deprecating the bi-asign or the air he did not.
And we understand that it was the matter that was in the series of hearings.
If the weather and not, the business between vestiges was being viewed either by clothes or over the years.
Well, I stated that from a professional point of view, and the point of view of my office,
we worked in investigations.
But from the other point of view, as an official of the Army, I was concerned that the secretary was not the type of hearing that was going on.
Now, we said, but now, in terms of the secretary, he made this bold statement.
The Senator McCartney said, that, yes, I am in effect.
The design and the people were doing this work myself.
That is, fading out and getting out of the personnel of Mama's approaches and bad news.
Then I ordered a sign at 3.0.
No, he didn't try at the first month of his island.
Well, at the Army.
Could I have a responsibility for discharging the security or for managing the security of the Army and the Bikinaster what I should resign?
Well, you knew what I was talking about.
Yes, I knew what he was talking about.
I knew he was talking about the very thing we're talking about now with him.
Well, I can't agree with you, sir, that he offered the resign if they did not.
You bet the point is not to get him on.
No, I'm getting the point. I'm trying to make you say that you did not increase the progress in the investigation.
Discharge the Senator McCarthy has utterly faulted.
No basis for it.
And yet, as I have to say, as you heard the secretary say that if he couldn't do the job himself, he ought to resign.
I'm a right-wing criminal.
Yes, sir.
He didn't say that.
And in the case of that thing, you say, hold out the C.
Mr. Stevens, didn't I think you'd get it?
Stop even though it were continued that penalty would be his red-wing nation on public humiliations.
It is nothing to stop here.
Very well.
I shall accept your name.
Now it's going to be your honor to Mr. Adams if you will.
I'll get very glasses.
No, will I?
Talk about this.
This place for a ride.
When you were being taken to the station to get the train back to Washington, you recall that?
Yes, sir.
What was the data life?
December 17, 1963, on Tuesday and Tuesday.
And all that information you say that Mr. Cohen angered.
It was a full-time job.
That's right.
Like the times of the scene, sometimes he would reach your high teeth.
And his belligerency was almost unbearable, and sometimes he was becoming self-in-any-two-event now.
Is that right?
That's right.
It was mostly on me, up to three miles around the office.
While we were riding up now.
And you've been repeating that during the luncheon, why it came and went?
There were times where I was normal.
And then everybody left again.
And if you two out of the day there at the office, and then if you two out there riding,
we're not as strong as we are.
All you do is?
Yes, sir.
I didn't say I didn't talk to a mushroom in the morning.
I mean, finally, throw me several streets beyond your destination.
That's right, sir.
Finally, put you out.
Wait until you put me out so that I can still stay with better to get out.
I had an election.
I could have stayed, I think.
I said, I left.
You said that if you used the same language, you'd rather be ready language.
Yes, sir.
I used the same language.
And that was on what day?
December 17th.
Yes, sir.
When did you make statements called?
I think it was about, I think it was in January.
Where was that?
I think.
I think that I saw next.
And the other, the second, the center of all the buildings around maybe in January.
On the occasion, when you said you were right there on the day of the meeting,
I don't know if it's wrong to remember.
But when did you make statements called?
They all won't be you.
They'll be you, you're the matter of the future.
Not long.
That one.
There are few days that I've known with that.
Two days, as I remember, two days, I've been back to Washington.
Then I went to South Dakota.
We're talking about it.
It's just time when we were in.
I don't think it's around 150 years.
I don't think it's around that much.
Of course, it's around.
There are not around.
There's no place in the cross, but it's around.
But when you're in Washington, you're in Washington.
And there's people.
I think they're in New York, but I think they're different.
They're in a tiny country.
They're in New York.
That's right.
That's a diary into the me.
It's been another time that I don't be called at this moment.
You were in the areas of Central, you were in the least.
That is the way.
How about first?
Well, as I stated, I have come to the Central Office building.
With the state, just to talk to them.
While I was up here, I decided that I would seem to call.
So, with the state, without us going to go.
There's been many interviews in the event.
About the point that December 17th,
shines the flame that has been arraigned between Christmas and New Year.
And the colon has called me from New York about to shine
a real, real, real, different totally over New Year's.
Car had called me and colon, basically called me
when I was in Amherst, Massachusetts.
With reference to the KP weekend for shine.
Colne had called me and asked me where,
what was the head for shine at Camp Gordon?
About the Boogie-Git-Ton-Tac-it-Camp Gordon.
And all of these incidents had occurred between the times I had seen.
In December 17th, I had made it in January.
And the end of December 17th were preceded by a number of other end of the show.
December 17th, incident to me was the culmination of a series of events
which had begun with my call on Santa Monica, on December 9th.
And it's not only those three seating in the show.
It occurred as well as the well-owned December 17th,
but you have been in the show this many times
that I have to permit the colon's pride to see you're going to do his office in January.
That's correct, isn't it, Beth?
Well, I don't have to explain how much we talked during the balance of December.
And I had had conversations with Mr. Colne during January.
I don't recall whether I was insulted many times or not during this period.
Well, you were in Southern many times, man, where you're not.
Yes, sir.
And that's those insults you've felt enough.
I did, sir.
Was that because of your fear of any power or any power that has snelted into you?
And because of those of their continued investigations,
the exposure of the investigations of the fourth month.
I don't think you did it, sir.
And then you had had it last year, on the fourth month, on about the December 17th.
There had never been another hearing.
On the fourth month, as far as I know, it's just the 25th, December 17th.
Did you ever go to a prize-priced meeting in New York City?
I did, sir.
On October 21st, the day I started exposing the...
On October 20th, the fourth month was recently, it's been a success.
The bad news that you accepted hospitality to that prize-priced?
I accepted it hospitality.
He told me that he had received the ticket to free.
I made a couple of attempts to stay him back, and finally did.
Just be sure you're full of money to do it.
But I did stay in that ticket for $20.
I'm accustomed to paying $5 or $6, which is that I was very surprised at.
He insisted that the ticket had been given to him free.
I have suggested we go to the price.
All right, he said he'd get the ticket.
And he did get the ticket.
We did go to the price of Mr. Car and the fourth party, I don't know.
It took me quite some time to pay him back, so that's a slight ticket.
But I didn't pay him back.
I would assume, Mr. Hadam, whether or not I saw this flare-up,
this explosion on the 20th of October,
you suggested the heroic colon that you and he go through a championship prize.
And that day, shy and by the tickets.
I did not.
You did not.
I never asked, they'd shine for a second.
Where did you say it?
Where did you say that night in New York City?
21-hours, Robert.
Where did this drake hotel?
Yes, sir.
Do you know who made your reservations that scorned it?
You don't.
You didn't use you.
You said it was calling.
You said it was not David Shine.
It was never.
Now, call and step.
That he would get the reservations for me.
He may have done it so, Shine.
I don't know about it.
Did you suggest that you stay at Shine Department and save a wholesale bill?
I did not.
Did not.
Anyway, I didn't even know where Shine Department was.
Now, I should have seen some of October 20th,
you went with a man who had threatened war.
I did.
The threatening investigate the Army from now on out on a $20 ticket.
And you understood that it was free,
that it had not called upon a dime.
That's what my phone told me.
That's right.
I believe you say you paid him back some three or four months later.
Is that right?
That's right.
Well, sir.
I've taken back on the second attempt.
First attempt, I would not be successful.
You paid him back on when?
On my second attempt.
First attempt, I would not pay him.
He wouldn't pay his money.
Well, when was your first attempt?
On the 13th attempt.
But previous attempt, he had insisted to take us to the streets.
Nevertheless, I wanted to pay him for it.
The stab him, you did not say for that thing.
Until you saw the jig was up.
And that thing that came to a complete impasse between you and Kornel
was going to be an exposure and then you said they $20 bail.
And it's probably the bail I did.
That's the chairman.
You have bought a water for your work?
I don't say so, I don't understand.
Mr. Jackson, what do you mean by the worst?
Well, the jig is up.
I would appreciate it for my explanation, sir.
If you would explain it.
You guessed the cost of the bail is $1,000,000.
You can come over and see Adam from the past.
You missed Adam some three or four months later.
You had accepted this $20 ticket.
I wish you didn't realize that yours and the secretaries
appease most of the senators and the facts.
You're following them.
You're making peace.
You're giving favors to day sheds.
You're holding them as a hostage.
And all of those things, if you didn't realize,
that there was going to be a publicly exposure
of all of these machinations and demons.
And that it was land and not until land that you forced the money
on this boy for your tickets that you saved,
you understood this not costing the day.
That's correct.
You're buying a wedding in silver?
I guess it's the point of order.
I don't know how I can reject this question when these proponents
will probably rule on this, but I would externally suggest
that at this moment at least, to my knowledge,
there is no evidence bearing on any of the hypotheses
in the question.
Particularly the one I have in mind that I can take out
of this, is that the assertion that five of the chimes
are being held as they are hostage.
I respectfully suggest that perhaps it's the recent fitter
that I have hypotheses in the question.
And the question is that the council will
articulate any of these questions in terms of the allegations
which have been made by the president of the president.
You've got to correct.
Small and the bad are the most perfect requirements to chairman.
I don't suppose I sustainably reject.
However, I'm afraid that perhaps the president of public
would understand that Mr. Jenkins believes that the five of the same
held as the hostage.
Mr. Singh Blair, in my role, I'm not permitted to have any beliefs.
And I understand that the president has denied the predicate
of my questions, and I further understand
that this committee is entirely distilled
and it's the fit to believe otherwise
if you will, all of the testimonies it's entirely.
Now, we've received the stance for what I have been asked
and I say, I believe we have not.
I don't get it.
I've already said it as an answer to the question
and I've been asked if there was evidence of the space
on the foundation of the allegations
which are related in the specification introduced by the country.
I was taken to the opinion that none of these questions
are taken to the opinion on the five of the chimes.
Now I have made the answer and I'd like to have the questions
read that, and I'll call up with this in the next one.
First up, what do you have in mind with that?
I do not have a mind. I'd like to read.
Before that, I'll be reading the questions specifically.
I'll point it out where the reason is in the context.
I think it's a very great question.
I'll have to read that.
Well, the reporter is in close to the mic when you read to the table.
Later, we'll be excited to hear.
Question.
Mr. Adam, some three or four months,
right? You had accepted this $20 ticket.
I will ask you if you didn't realize that yours and the secretary
and the secretary is a pieceman of the officer and his staff
you're following them.
You're making peace.
You're giving favors to their chimes.
You're holding them as an hostage.
All of those things you didn't realize with your Adam
there was going to be a public exposure of all these
machinations and feelings.
And that it was them and not until then that you forced
the money on the story for a ticket that you say you understood
did not cross the mud.
No, the answer to the question is no.
You can tell you where the gold out of the wall is Mr.
Cole, the piece you on December 11th.
Change to the fourth of the 11th of December,
which was the telephone call that got us a weekend.
Right? Yes, there I did that spot last.
Let's give it in the fact that on that bear day,
December 11th.
You requested Mr. Cole to buy some tickets for you
in New York City for a free.
For yourself and I please some of your relatives.
No, the occasion of the theatre tickets was on December 16th.
Immediately today, the day before evening, the...
...live.
On December 16th, I went to New York at about two o'clock in the afternoon.
I arrived at New York at about two o'clock in the afternoon.
I went down to the courthouse and I got there about the time hearing.
I've made an effort to get theatre tickets with no success.
I asked Mr. Cole to be new for I could get some theatre tickets.
He made a couple of telephone calls for me and succeeded in getting tickets reserved for me
for a rather than Russell and wonderful town.
Three tickets.
I went to the theatre that night when I arrived to pick up the tickets they were paid for.
I didn't say Mr. Cole in the next morning until after the hearing started.
I tried to pay him then and didn't succeed in doing it in the...
...in the...
...turvian to the hearing.
I didn't see Mr. Cole in again, excepting at the afternoon when we had the ride.
The next time I saw Mr. Cole, I tried to pay him.
He insisted he hadn't paid for those tickets.
And we had a difficult afternoon, a difficult afternoon,
but as a result of the inquiry I made about China going overseas
and things got so turbulent and difficult that afternoon.
When I tried to pay him for the theatre tickets then the fight ticket at the same time,
this was on January 16th.
I did not succeed in doing it, so I folded the money up and put it in my wallet
and carried it around with me until I saw him again.
The next time I saw him was in New York just preceding this liquor hearing.
Then I pushed the money for both the fight tickets and the theatre tickets in his upper...
...breath pocket of the coat.
He protested, I don't play that way, I don't play that way,
but I said I want you to take just money anyway.
I just don't want the only of this money.
You paid him because the theatre tickets and the price I'd take it at the same time.
That is correct, and I tried to pay him in January and I had no success.
How long was it like you got the theatre tickets that you forced this money on?
The first time I tried to pay him was the next day.
The next time I tried to pay him was in January about three weeks later.
He protested then again, the fight ticket had been for three and the theatre tickets had been free.
I didn't succeed because I was the afternoon when things went to places
as the rate of all the shines over these duties.
The very next time I saw him, which was on February 17th,
I succeeded in paying him by putting the money in his pocket and insisting that he did it.
From two months, two and a quarter months, that is correct.
That is correct.
You don't belong to the merchants club in May or not there.
The second day does, there's enough there.
Do you know that in the early part of these games, the secret days,
once the merchants club that we see has belonged for many years?
And there made arrangements for Senator McCarthy and his fact.
The dying man accepts the hospitality of that club.
And by whatever they chose and it was all to be charged to the secretary of the Army.
I do, sir.
Did you regard that as improper?
I did not, sir.
I remember how it occurred.
Mr. Davis told me about it before he did it.
We were riding in New York and Mobileau from the airport down down in New York to the hearing on the 13th of October.
And Mr. Davis gave me the state of need.
I did not.
I had belonged for 30 years to a club that was only about two blocks from the courthouse.
He said there are very few good restaurants down in the courthouse there is.
He said, I think Senator McCarthy will probably appreciate having the place where he can have a private room for lunch.
He said, I'm going to invite him when we get into the courthouse.
I'm going to telephone this club and ask for a private room for the day and tomorrow.
So that I can date Senator McCarthy and his fact.
I have a private room for lunch, which he did do.
And on either the 13th or the 14th, while we were at lunch, Mr. Davis gave me the state of the Democratic,
that he had a range with the manager of the club to make the, uh,
of the facilities of the private dining room available to send to the Democratic.
And Mr. Davis gets after he returned to Washington, provided the sender refuses.
In the evening, food, that's that.
And you see nothing wrong about that.
I saw nothing wrong, sir.
Now the situation was that Senator McCarthy was the investigator of the Secretary of the Army at that time.
That's right.
He was investigating.
He was sure the situation had four months.
He was not investigating the fact there is.
Wasn't he in the same attitude that a man would be in, for instance,
who was being investigated by the Bureau of Internal Revenue?
And when that agent came to town to investigate him,
the party who was being investigated was going to a hotel in the range for a free room and forward for that investigator.
Aren't the cases comparable?
Not at all, sir.
That's the same as within those clubs.
And though, as he was doing nothing to cover up to the trying to assist him,
he's not.
I'd rather be very, very, very, very, very,
and would be encouraging, uh, if it's Senator McCarthy and his best to continue those open and low-dose games.
Well, I'm thinking of taking one more of them.
You talked about going to Amherst,
but making it a speech, and there being called Mr. Carr.
When was that?
I went about me eight years ago in January.
I was called on the night of January.
I was called.
Yes, sir.
And, no, I wasn't.
I guess I was called.
He had been trying to reach me at my home,
and my wife had not told him where I was, but she telephoned me.
After I talked to my wife and told her where I was, Mr. Carr, you're called.
And you, in that conversation told Mr. Carr to not let Mr. Cohn get on the telephone.
Mr. Carr was in Washington.
Mr. Cohn was in New York.
I asked Mr. Carr not to tell Mr. Cohn where I was, or I need to defer.
I think Mr. Cohn is to my location.
Until it's that time that I can check out in a hotel, which I was in a protest.
And before you got checked out the phone line again.
That's correct.
You picked up the receiver.
Yes.
You heard Mr. Cohn's voice.
I did.
Mr. Carr told you about the PC duty for this boy, hadn't you?
Yes, sir.
He called me about the PC duty.
You're about getting him off of the PC duty.
Yes, sir.
And you knew Mr. Adams, that's what Mr. Cohn was calling you calling you about, didn't I?
Mr. Adam, you refused to take that call.
I did, sir.
When you taken it all, you would have had to say,
wasn't the boy I was not getting off of the PC duty?
Why were you afraid to tell?
I wasn't afraid.
I was never afraid to tell him to call anything.
But I had an engagement in the home of the President of the College within four or five minutes.
And I knew if I got on the telephone cone with Mr. Cohn, I'd be there for an hour.
And I had no desire to do that.
Because I knew that as soon as I told him that I was not going to call General Ryan,
that I was just might as well unpack my bag and sit down and listen.
And I didn't want to do that.
I wanted to leave.
And we're talking to you as long as an hour.
I don't think all of you ever talked me that long.
I've been recited yesterday 20 minutes, for the longest conversation I've ever had.
That's a long conversation that I had.
Well, out here was the man from somewhere in New York calling you.
Counsel for the Army.
Counsel, Mr. Stevens.
About getting one pilot out of Maine's office in the PC duty one morning.
And you did not want to talk to him on the telephone with me,
or Mr. Stevens of an tempo.
And in conformity with your Athedians, your convictions.
So, it used that call and say the bar was defeated like every other bar in the hour.
Wouldn't it have been saddened and not occurred to you?
Mr.だけ I don't think I can.
I have said I would not say that this was,
I had signories responsible to get along and to help the community
when they speak that for a secret.
You can't help me, you can't negotiate,
and you can't get anything done for your own agency.
If the employee is a staff, you take care.
You have a high receive that telephone call from its call.
It would have been another very, very difficult conversation.
I had no stomach for that conversation,
so I thought I would avoid receiving that call.
You had a responsibility to get along with that committee.
That is correct.
It is a hurting use that you have a responsibility to the millions of young men.